Adding docs for syncable exports (#1691)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/common/modules/proc_exporting-a-repository-syncable.adoc

[id="Exporting_a_Repository_Syncable_{context}"]

> = Exporting a Repository in a Syncable Format

Reviewer: As above: Please ensure that the title, anchor, and file name match.

You can export the content of a repository in the Library environment of an organization from {ProjectServer} in a syncable format.
ifdef::satellite[]

> You can then serve the generated content via a local webserver on the importing  {ProjectServer} or in another {ProjectServer} organization.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can then serve the generated content using a local webserver on the importing {ProjectServer} or in another {ProjectServer} organization.
```

You cannot directly import Syncable Format exports. Instead on the importing {ProjectServer} you would need to
* Copy the generated content to an HTTP/HTTPS webserver that is accessible to importing {ProjectServer}
* Update your CDN configuration to *Custom CDN*
* Set the CDN URL to point to the web server
* Optionally set a SSL CA Credential if the web server requires it
* Enable the Repository
* Synchronize the Repository.
endif::[]

ifndef::satellite[]

> You can use the generated content to create the same repository in another {ProjectServer} or in another {ProjectServer} organization via content import.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use the generated content to create the same repository in another {ProjectServer} or in another {ProjectServer} organization via content import.
```

Please see my suggestion above.

endif::[]

You can export the following content in a syncable format from {ProjectServer}:
* RPM repositories
* Kickstart repositories
* File repositories
You cannot export Ansible and Docker content.

ifndef::satellite[]
You cannot export DEB repositories
endif::[]
from {ProjectServer}.

The export contains the following data:

* Directories containing the rpms, listing files and metadata of the repository in yum format that could then be used synchronize in the importing {ProjectServer}.

> .Prerequisites

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.Prerequisite
```

> 
> To export the contents of a repository, ensure that {ProjectServer} from which you want to export, meets the following conditions:
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

* Ensure that you set download policy to *Immediate* for the repository within the Library lifecycle environment you export.
For more information, see xref:Download_Policies_Overview_{context}[].

> .Export a Repository

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.Procedure
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> . Use the repository name or ID to export.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Export a repository using the repository name or ID:
```

or maybe "based on ..."?

+
[options="nowrap" subs="+quotes"]
----
# hammer content-export complete repository \
 --organization="_My_Organization_" \
 --product="_My_Product_" \
 --name="_My_Repository_"\
 --format=syncable
----

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

. Optional: Verify that the exported content is located in the export directory:
+
[options="nowrap" subs="+quotes"]
----
# ls -lh /var/lib/pulp/exports/_My_Organization_/Export-_My_Repository_/1.0/2021-03-02T03-35-24-00-00

> total 0
> drwxr-xr-x. 3 pulp pulp 33 Aug 26 09:16 content
> 
> # du -sh /var/lib/pulp/exports/_My_Organization_/Export-_My_Repository_/1.0/2021-03-02T03-35-24-00-00
> 439M

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
